---
layout: post
title: "2016 Wrap Up"
description: "A conclusion of my 2016"
date: 2016-12-31
tags: [self reflection, journal]
comments: true
share: true
---

### About Computer Science

2016 was an eventful year. First of all, I was accepted into the Computer Science Department
At University of Washington, and it was a thrill. Since it is hard major to get into, it felt 
encouraging that my experience and efforts had been paid off and I was quite relieved. 
However, I didn't know the other side of the story. Computer Science is an enormous field,
I decided to pursue it becuase I had fun when I took two introductory courses at UW. I really 
enjoyed the moment when I was able to create logical and smart approaches to solve 
problems in the homework without spending a tremendous amount of time on it. Fortunately, I 
reached the point where I had to face the hard truth that computer science is much bigger 
than what I thought it was. It a vast academic and practical field where thousands of sub braches 
have evolved into carefully-designed and implemented displines. To learn about one of them, one must 
put in a significant portion of one's lifetime to be able to understand it well and apply it in
real life. Many people are exposed to it from a very young age, unlike me. I was reluctant
about coding on the computer when I was little as I thought typing characters onto a screen
was boring. Now that I have discovered my interest in programming, I am ready to catch up 
and learn new technical skills as I go while maintaining a solid understanding of computer science fundementals. 
I will keep my knowledge organized with the aid of this blog and I will work hard to learn and 
practice my skills to become a capable software engineer. 

### About College

When people say time flies, I couldn't grasp the idea very well until I started my college life.
Thinking back, two and a half year has passed. On 9/28/2014, I landed in Seattle with a motivated and 
curious heart and came to UW as a freshman. I was young, simple, confident and ready for the challenge
ahead. Two years later, as I finished the first quarter of my junior year, I seemed to finally 
understood the meaning of that saying. Time flies, and when it flies, it leaves you with memory
that you can only rewind in your head. Now, after two years of ups and downs, I have grown, I have 
have learnt, and I have understood myself much better. 
To name a few things I have realized and need to improve on: 

* Time Management and Displine
* Social Engagement
* Critical Thinking
* Reading
* Fitness

From I was young till recently, I have gotten what I wanted most of the times without 
really putting into real hard work and seriousness. That time has passed, and now I am a real adult 
so there is no more slack and excuses. I have to live with this reality and accept its rules to be part 
of it. As part of new year's resolution, tackling myself will be a top priority. Nonetheless,
I am still motivated, curious, confident and ready to take on the rest of my college life. 
With determination and execution, it comes fruition.

### New Year Resolution

###### Day

* Consistent Morning and Bedtime Routine
  * Wake up at 8:00, sleep no later than 1:00
* Have Breadkfast
* Plan the day using the notebook
* No sleeping in class
* have one hour of reading or listening
  * wechat media, chinese news outlet
  * podcast
  * at night, books
* write post about the day
  * link any interesting articles

###### General

* Go to gym at least once a week
* workout at home during study breaks
* Finish one book each month.
* learn more about cooking
* pick up violin and learn guitar
* spend money wisely

some good links for reference:

* [time management](https://www.themuse.com/advice/8-quick-tips-for-anyone-trying-to-get-a-handle-on-time-management?ref=carousel-slide-0)
* [likable](https://www.themuse.com/advice/15-traits-to-adopt-if-you-want-to-be-more-likable-in-2017?ref=recommended)

OK, that's a good wrap up, I will add more to the resolution list if anything comes up. 





