---
layout: post
title: "2017-1-10"
description: "Daily Recap"
date: 2017-1-10
tags: [journal]
comments: true
share: true
---

### Today and Yesterday

Yesterday I didn't have a chance to write so I will combine it with today. 
The biggest event yesterday was knowing that my friend got an internship from
the company where I failed. This news gave me a hard time yesterday and it lasted 
until today. I was frustrated and disappointed. The fact that I still haven't gotten 
an internship is the result of my poor management of myself and time. Some people are just 
lucky and some people are just solid on their skills. I can't reply on luck so I have to 
become one of the people where bad luck can't stop them. Past is past, I have to 
move on and look forward. Go to the resume review tomorrow and practice more interview questions 
and talking about background and projects. Life is supposed to be full of ups and downs. The key to 
live it happily is to know how to recover from the downs and manage the ups. This is a small 
setback, and I am confident that I will learn from the past and continue to work towards my goal. 
There is still plenty of time and every second is valuable. 

### Back from the Ski Trip

three days in whistler were fun despite some personal events. I had a chance to go on blue and I managed 
to get down even though I fell a lot of times. One key to being good at skiing is to have solid 
leg strength. Later on I will spend some time on legs while at the gym. As for school and internship, I 
have another phone call with accolade on wednesday and I will spend some time on reviewing some data 
structure questions and practicing a bit about projects and past experience. 

For this comming week, I have to focus on getting school work done on time and spend more time on the computer 
vision project for the robomaster team. In addition, I will catch up with the reading for clas 430. 

Follow up with more recruiters. 

Keep up with the new year's resolution:

* getting up and going to bed on time
* spend some time reading everyday 
* going the gym